Lin
Stop gloating over other people's misfortunes.
Lingfeng Lingfeng
Please save me.
Why do you just save me?
I'm willing to do whatever you want me to do.
OK
Then you learn to bark like a dog
I counted it.
The feud between the two of us
You can't just learn to bark like a dog and settle the score.
Xu Banshan hitting a woman is not a gentleman's behavior
Besides, this is a public place.
It seems that this handsome boy is going to be a hero and save the beauty.
Saving beauty is not the point
It's just that this dog-eat-dog scene disturbed the clearing of boundaries.
Mrs. Chen
He must be a well-known and influential person.
If someone spreads that your private life is not in order
Keeping a gigolo
Then you can record it
Get out of here with all the recordings
Mrs. Chen
If you don't do crisis public relations
It will be on the hot search soon
Why are you still standing there?
Looks like it's time for a strategy